all right as you can see right now one
of our technicians is heating up the
finish of this 76 Corvette what he's
doing is getting the finished warm
enough to where it basically peels off
of the old red oxide primer and then
what you can do is you can either sand
or in our case we're going to do is take
a little bit of lacquer thinner and
actually wipe your red oxide primer off
down to the down to the fiberglass which
you can see we've already done that
right here in this area and it shows us
all of our bad spots in the fiberglass
that need to be fixed as you can see
it's peeling right off of there you can
do it two ways you can either heat it up
and peel it if it's being a little bit
more stubborn you can you can use a
razor blade which he'll show you here
be careful not to overheat the
fiberglass though
you have the razor blade yeah
didn't get it out of it
that's still still coming off there
pretty good
we'll be one more stretch with this
and
get nice long nice long strands coming
off of here and pull the corner and you
come in close here and you look close
you can see there's absolutely no damage
done to the fiberglass and in fact it
has a damage to red oxide primer you can
see that paint coming right off of there